

Enjoy Free 2-Day Shipping For Mother's Day + Shop The Ultimate Tote Guide
http://michaelkorsemail.com/a/tBVROZ5AcHsS8B9BQZPNtHsqK8R/mainp-7?SAS_ENCRYPT=

Please click here to visit the online version.
http://michaelkorsemail.com/a/tBVROZ5AcHsS8B9BQZPNtHsqK8R/hosted-7?email=blackyao12@gmail.com&removegroup=rm-1b9vt6hrazje477aumtqrrqc90zczd9@michaelkorsemail.com&t_params=I_SEGMENT%3DUSWB%26EMAIL%3Dblackyao12%2540gmail.com%26REMOVEGROUP%3Drm-1b9vt6hrazje477aumtqrrqc90zczd9%2540michaelkorsemail.com%26SEGMENT%3DUSWB

A TOTE-AL OBSESSION

It's the veritably versatile carryall we can't live without. From work
to play and everything in between, there’s a tote to suit your every
agenda. 

SHOP THE TOTE EDIT > 
http://michaelkorsemail.com/a/tBVROZ5AcHsS8B9BQZPNtHsqK8R/main1-7

THE EASY IZZY
A reversible and roomy choice that's the epitome of practical glamour
for the every day.

SHOP NOW >
http://michaelkorsemail.com/a/tBVROZ5AcHsS8B9BQZPNtHsqK8R/main2-7

THE CARRY-ON  
Zip up and take off with ease when you can fit your essentials, extras
and then some. 

SHOP NOW >
http://michaelkorsemail.com/a/tBVROZ5AcHsS8B9BQZPNtHsqK8R/main3-7

THE WORK-TO-WEEKEND

Polished, professional and pouched—the one that's chic, 24 hours, 7 days
a week. 

SHOP NOW >
http://michaelkorsemail.com/a/tBVROZ5AcHsS8B9BQZPNtHsqK8R/main4-7

Izzy Large Leather Tote, $298	
http://michaelkorsemail.com/a/tBVROZ5AcHsS8B9BQZPNtHsqK8R/products1-7

Jet Set Travel Medium Saffiano Leather Tote, $298		
http://michaelkorsemail.com/a/tBVROZ5AcHsS8B9BQZPNtHsqK8R/products2-7

Jet Set Top-Zip Saffiano Leather Tote, $248
http://michaelkorsemail.com/a/tBVROZ5AcHsS8B9BQZPNtHsqK8R/products3-7

Jet Set Travel Saffiano Leather Top-Zip Tote, $278
http://michaelkorsemail.com/a/tBVROZ5AcHsS8B9BQZPNtHsqK8R/products4-7

*This offer is for complimentary 2-Day Delivery shipping between May 1,
2015 and May 6, 2015, at 11:59am ET. Offer is valid for use at
MichaelKors.com and MichaelKors.ca only. Select 2-Day Delivery and then
enter code MOM2015 at checkout. No minimum purchase amount required.
Regular charges will apply to all other shipping methods. No adjustments
to prior purchases. Cannot be redeemed or exchanged for cash. For
customer assistance, please call 1 (866) 709-5677 (for the U.S.) or
1-855-898-5677 (for Canada).

Forward To A Friend
http://michaelkorsemail.com/a/tBVROZ5AcHsS8B9BQZPNtHsqK8R/friend-7?t=BVROZ5AcHsS8B9BQZPNtHsqK8R&RAF_TRACK=&email=blackyao12@gmail.com
 
Click here to unsubscribe
http://michaelkorsemail.com/a/tBVROZ5AcHsS8B9BQZPNtHsqK8R/unsub-7?email=blackyao12@gmail.com&t=BVROZ5AcHsS8B9BQZPNtHsqK8R

Michael Kors, Customer Support
Attn: E-mail Database
1 Meadowlands Plaza
12th Floor
East Rutherford, NJ 07073 

